Is this 2022? Or is it 2018? So, for
Ethereum, we can't just look at 2022. We
also have to say, well, what happened in
2018?
And here's where it gets tricky.
In 2018,
when you look at at Bitcoin, Bitcoin
rallied up in July, and then it gave the
gains back.
In 2022, Bitcoin rallied up in July,
and then it gave the gains back in
August or September.
Both cases, Bitcoin did the same thing.
Ethereum did something completely
different.
So, if you overlay Ethereum onto the
chart,
what you'll see is that Ethereum in 2018
was not able to hold support, and it
actually dropped to a new cycle low in
August, and again at the end of the
cycle.
Whereas in 2022, when Bitcoin dropped,
Ethereum printed a
higher low.